README.md, before:

# Shadow Watch - Technical Documentation

## Tech Stack

Shadow Watch is built using a modern, robust tech stack focused on performance, developer experience, and user interface quality:

### Core Technologies
- **React 19.0.0** - Latest version of React for building the user interface
- **TypeScript** - For type safety and enhanced developer experience
- **Vite** - Modern build tool and development server offering fast HMR

### UI Framework
- **Tailwind CSS 4.0.14** - Utility-first CSS framework for styling
- **shadcn/ui components** - A collection of accessible, reusable UI components
- **Radix UI primitives** - Unstyled, accessible UI primitives for building the component system

### Map Implementation
- **Leaflet** - Open-source JavaScript library for interactive maps
- **react-leaflet** - React components for Leaflet maps

### Form Management & Validation
- **React Hook Form** - Performant form management with easy validation
- **Zod** - TypeScript-first schema declaration and validation
- **@hookform/resolvers** - Connecting Zod with React Hook Form

### PWA Capabilities
- **vite-plugin-pwa** - Progressive Web App support with Vite
- **Workbox** - Service worker tooling for offline capabilities

### Hosting & Deployment
- **github pages** - Hosting the application on GitHub Pages
- **github actions** - CI/CD for automated testing and deployment

Commit message:

docs: add video tage to readme

README.md, after:

# Shadow Watch - Technical Documentation

## Tech Stack

Shadow Watch is built using a modern, robust tech stack focused on performance, developer experience, and user interface quality:

<video width="320" height="240" controls>
  <source src="https://github.com/m7medVision/Shadow-Watch/raw/refs/heads/master/Screencast%20From%202025-03-30%2014-16-48.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>

### Core Technologies
- **React 19.0.0** - Latest version of React for building the user interface
- **TypeScript** - For type safety and enhanced developer experience
- **Vite** - Modern build tool and development server offering fast HMR

### UI Framework
- **Tailwind CSS 4.0.14** - Utility-first CSS framework for styling
- **shadcn/ui components** - A collection of accessible, reusable UI components
- **Radix UI primitives** - Unstyled, accessible UI primitives for building the component system

### Map Implementation
- **Leaflet** - Open-source JavaScript library for interactive maps
- **react-leaflet** - React components for Leaflet maps

### Form Management & Validation
- **React Hook Form** - Performant form management with easy validation
- **Zod** - TypeScript-first schema declaration and validation
- **@hookform/resolvers** - Connecting Zod with React Hook Form

### PWA Capabilities
- **vite-plugin-pwa** - Progressive Web App support with Vite
- **Workbox** - Service worker tooling for offline capabilities

### Hosting & Deployment
- **github pages** - Hosting the application on GitHub Pages
- **github actions** - CI/CD for automated testing and deployment
